1
Spiralized Cucumber and Jicama Tostada Salad with Avocado. 373 calories. Spiralized jicama, cucumber, red onion, and jalapeno peppers combine with sweet bell peppers and grape tomatoes atop a creamy avocado spread.
2
Vegetarian Kale Soup. 450 calories. This hearty vegetarian soup features cannellini beans, green kale, fresh tomatoes, and potatoes. 
3
Lemon Pepper Salmon. 600 calories. Salmon sizzles in the pan with fresh garlic and then simmers briefly with chopped fresh tomatoes and cilantro until the fish is wonderfully flaky.
4
Garlic Chicken Stir Fry. 500 calories. Strips of skinless chicken breast stir it up with garlic, ginger, and tons of crunchy vegetables, including sliced cabbage, red bell pepper, and sugar snap peas. Toss it with a lightly sweetened soy sauce, and dinner's ready! 
5
Curried Butternut Squash Soup. 555 calories. This creamy vegan soup replaces dairy with rich coconut milk. It features butternut squash, shallots, curry powder, turmeric, chopped apple, and fresh ginger.
6
Mediterranean Chicken. Calorie 565 calories. The Mediterranean Diet is all the rage -- and with good reason! It's a simple, delicious way to eat healthy. Here, boneless, skinless chicken breast halves saute in a simple white wine and fresh tomato sauce with olives, onions, garlic, and fresh herbs.
7
Vermicelli Noodle Bowl. 589 calories. This simple Vietnamese noodle salad shows off the very best of Vietnamese cooking. Featuring fresh herbs, cucumber, lettuce, carrots, basil, cilantro, bean sprouts, rice vermicelli, and grilled shrimp, tossed with a tangy sweet and sour sauce -- it's full of bright, fresh foods and loaded with exciting tastes and textures.
8
Chicken Fiesta Salad. 600 calories. This dish explodes with flavors of the Southwest. You'll top salad greens and tomato wedges with seasoned skinless, boneless chicken breast halves sauteed in a little vegetable oil, and then dress it all up with a tasty mixture of black beans, Mexican-style corn, tomato salsa, and fajita seasoning.
9
Grilled Salmon Steaks with Savory Blueberry Sauce. 601 calories. A flavorful fresh blueberry and balsamic vinegar reduction sauce provides the perfect counterpoint to grilled salmon.
10
Chicken, Zucchini, and Artichoke Salad. 601 calories. Pieces of skinless, boneless chicken breast are lightly pan-fried and tossed with sauteed zucchini, garbanzo beans, olives, and artichoke hearts.
11
Sorghum Buddha Bowl. 605 calorie. There's so much healthy stuff happening in this vegetarian bowl. Roasted radicchio, Brussels sprouts, butternut squash, jalapenos, and leeks mix it up with black beans, sesame seeds, and a tangy miso-based dressing. It's a filling vegetarian meal-in-a-bowl!
12
Ratatouille. 610 calories. This classic Mediterranean dish is loaded with healthy fresh vegetables, including zucchini, fresh tomatoes, eggplant, mushrooms, bell peppers, and onions.
13
Cauliflower Rice and Beans Fajita Bowls. 650 calories. In this healthy Tex-Mex bowl, seasoned riced cauliflower, red bell peppers, red onions, and garlic are roasted and topped with pinto beans, cotija cheese, pepitas, and fresh cilantro.
14
Black Bean Breakfast Bowl. 655 calories. Quality proteins and healthy fats will power you through the day! This quick and healthy breakfast bowl pairs scrambled eggs with microwaved black beans plus sliced avocado and salsa.
15
Grilled Cod with Spinach and Tomatoes. 700 calories. Seasoned cod fillets are grilled in foil packs along with spinach, tomato, onions, olive oil, and balsamic vinegar. This healthy meal is on the table in about 20 minutes.
16
White Chili II. 670 calories. Cubes of skinless, boneless chicken breast are quickly pan fried and combined with sauteed onion, red and yellow bell peppers, jalapeno peppers, garlic, and seasonings. Then you'll simply simmer the chicken and veggies with great Northern beans in chicken broth.
17
Grilled Chicken Fajita Salad. 900 calories. Grilled marinated strips of skinless, boneless chicken breast top romaine lettuce, red bell peppers, and onion.
18
Veracruz-Style Red Snapper. 1000 calories. This classic Gulf Coast fish dish bursts with vibrant flavors. It features capers, cherry tomatoes, green olives, and jalapenos. 
19
Grilled Chicken Salad with Seasonal Fruit. 1010 calories. This healthy main dish salad features grilled skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, toasted pecans, Bibb lettuce, fresh strawberries, and a tangy dressing of red wine vinegar, olive oil, minced onion, and mustard.
20
Creamy Italian White Bean Soup. 1100 calories. A creamy soup without the cream. White kidney beans, minced garlic, and fresh spinach, and a splash of bright lemon juice steal the show in this simple, satisfying soup. 